hi this is motto in this video of the
show very instructive chess game this is
the game between Big Oil Alaska's and
Matthew said la that displayed in the
Linares
in 1995 when RS is the city in Spain
bigger Alaska's had white pieces and he
started with d4 Sadler played a d5 and
after c4
we have Queen's Gambit said la captured
and c4 and we have Queens gambit
accepted before it is black to move very
popular movies Knight to f6 another one
is e v settler played a knight to c6 so
night and queen are attacking pawn on d4
Bishop to e3 defending Knight to f6
attacking pawn on e4 Knight to c3
defending and now II five attacking pawn
on d4 again and also this is allowing
bishop to come in the game
d5 attacking knight Knight to e7 is very
common more settler played Knight to a5
Knight to f3 attacking pawn on e5 Bishop
to d6 defending and now Queen to a4
check for King King and knight on a 5 we
have reached the critical positional
again it is black to move how would you
continue if you wish you can pause this
video and you can try to find the best
move for black in this position are you
ready
have you found this c6 that is very
logical move isn't it
and after pawn takes pawn Knight takes
on
six however black dinner play see six
he played Bishop to d7 did he forget
about his night
well white was very happy to capture
night was it a blunder or was it a part
of the plan if it was a plan how should
black continued Sadler played a six and
plan is revealed next move is b6 and
Queen is strapped Wow
in a panic mode
Knight to be one was played better move
was before
so after b6 Queen can hide on a3 and
after a five Queen to c1 yes black is
better but that is better than the move
played in the game which is night to be
one white play this move so Queen can go
to d2 but now black captured porn only
for midnight and queen Cal go to d2 so
white played King to d1 to make room for
Queen to go to e 1 we have reached
another critical position of the game it
is a black to move again and to play are
winning more if you wish you can pause
this video you can try to find the
winning move that black played in this
position are you ready what did you find
have you seen this c3 cutting off Queens
escape and believe it or not in this
position white resigned well you can
argue that it could have continued with
before and after b6 Queen to a3 a5 Queen
to c1 pawn takes pawn and material is
equal and black has a meaning position
that was incredible game at move eight
white one a piece and it move 11 white
resigned what again what do you think of
this game and that is all I hope that
you enjoyed watching this video I wish
you good luck with your chess and bye
for now